I am not crazy! I know he swapped those numbers! I knew it was 1216. One after Magna Carta. As if I could ever make such a mistake. Never. Never! I just - I just couldn't prove it. He - he covered his tracks, he got that idiot at the copy shop to lie for him. You think this is something? You think this is bad? This? This chicanery? He's done worse. That billboard! Are you telling me that a man just happens to fall like that? No! He orchestrated it! Jimmy! He defecated through a sunroof! And I saved him! And I shouldn't have. I took him into my own firm! What was I thinking? He'll never change. He'll never change! Ever since he was 9, always the same! Couldn't keep his hands out of the cash drawer! But not our Jimmy! Couldn't be precious Jimmy! Stealing them blind! And he gets to be a lawyer!? What a sick joke! I should've stopped him when I had the chance! And you - you have to stop him!
I AM NOT FUCKING CRAZY! I am not fucking crazy! I know he fucking swapped those numbers! I fucking knew it was 1216. One after fucking Magna Carta. As if I could ever make such a fucking mistake. Never. Never! I just – I just couldn't fucking prove it. He – he fucking covered his tracks, he got that fucking idiot at the fucking copy shop to fucking lie for him. You fucking think this is something? You think this is fucking bad? This? This fucking chicanery? He's done worse. That fucking billboard! Are you telling me that a man just happens to fucking fall like that? No! He fucking orchestrated it! Jimmy! He fucking defecated through a fucking sunroof! And I fucking saved him! And I fucking shouldn't have. I took him into my own fucking firm! What was I fucking thinking? He'll never fucking change. He'll never change! Ever since he was 9, always the fucking same! Couldn't keep his fucking hands out of the cash drawer! But not our Jimmy! Couldn't be precious fucking Jimmy! Stealing them blind! And he gets to be a lawyer!? What a sick fucking joke! I should've stopped him when I had the chance! And you – you have to stop him! You-
I saw Aaron Paul at an unemployment office in Los Angeles yesterday. I noticed him but didn’t want to bother him. He obviously saw me because he came up to me. He said, “Please let me give you an autograph, yo, bitch. Please respond.” I was taken aback, and all I could say was “Huh?” but he kept cutting me off and going “Please respond. Please respond. Xbox, please respond. Bitch.” and closing his hand shut in front of my face. I walked away and continued with my day, and I heard him crying as I walked off. When I came to apply up front I saw him trying to walk out the doors with like fifteen job applications in his hands without paying. The girl at the counter was very nice about it and professional, and was like “Sir, you need to pay for those first.” At first he kept pretending to be busy and read scripts, but eventually turned back around and brought them to the counter. When she took one of the forms and started scanning it multiple times, he stopped her and told her to scan them each individually because “I just wish I had more time to play,” and then turned around and cried at me. I don’t even think that’s a career. After she scanned each form and put them in a bag and started to say the price, he kept interrupting her by saying “Xbox turn on” really loudly.
First of all, he graduated from Harvard Law School and works at a law firm. Like him, I am also seeking a law degree, but I’m at Cornell now. He hates that I’m graduating soon and he thinks the entire foundation of legal rule and the sanctity of law will be tarnished once I become a lawyer. To quote him directly, me being in law school is like “a chimp with a machine gun.” During our family Thanksgiving dinner today, he threw a tantrum in front of my family because he wanted to be the only lawyer. He wants to be the pride of the family. “Cornell University, for Christ’s sake?” He yelled at me as I asked my mom to pass the mashed potatoes. “What a joke. I worked my ass off to get where I am! And you take these shortcuts and you think suddenly you're my peer?” I used to work in the mail room in his law firm. He said he was proud of me then and wishes I never turned my life around. Every day, I think about dropping out and going back to my old job just to make him happy…
First of all, he graduated from Harvard Law School and works at a law firm. Like him, I am also seeking a law degree, but I’m at Cornell now. He hates that I’m graduating soon and he thinks the entire foundation of legal rule and the sanctity of law will be tarnished once I become a lawyer. To quote him directly, me being in law school is like “a chimp with a machine gun.” During our family Thanksgiving dinner today, he threw a tantrum in front of my family because he wanted to be the only lawyer. He wants to be the pride of the family. “Cornell University, for Christ’s sake?” He yelled at me as I asked my mom to pass the mashed potatoes. “What a joke. I worked my ass off to get where I am! And you take these shortcuts and you think suddenly you're my peer?” I used to work in the mail room in his law firm. He said he was proud of me then and wishes I never turned my life around. Every day, I think about dropping out and going back to my old job just to make him happy…
First of all, he graduated from <School> Law School and works at a law firm. Like him, I am also seeking a law degree, but I’m at <School> now. He hates that I’m graduating soon and he thinks the entire foundation of legal rule and the sanctity of law will be tarnished once I become a lawyer. To quote him directly, me being in law school is like “a chimp with a machine gun.” During our family Thanksgiving dinner today, he threw a tantrum in front of my family because he wanted to be the only lawyer. He wants to be the pride of the family. “<School> University, for Christ’s sake?” He yelled at me as I asked my mom to pass the mashed potatoes. “What a joke. I worked my ass off to get where I am! And you take these shortcuts and you think suddenly you're my peer?” I used to work in the mail room in his law firm. He said he was proud of me then and wishes I never turned my life around. Every day, I think about dropping out and going back to my old job just to make him happy…
First of all, he graduated from <School> Law School and works at a law firm. Like him, I am also seeking a law degree, but I’m at <School> now. He hates that I’m graduating soon and he thinks the entire foundation of legal rule and the sanctity of law will be tarnished once I become a lawyer. To quote him directly, me being in law school is like “a chimp with a machine gun.” During our family Thanksgiving dinner today, he threw a tantrum in front of my family because he wanted to be the only lawyer. He wants to be the pride of the family. “<School> University, for Christ’s sake?” He yelled at me as I asked my mom to pass the mashed potatoes. “What a joke. I worked my ass off to get where I am! And you take these shortcuts and you think suddenly you're my peer?” I used to work in the mail room in his law firm. He said he was proud of me then and wishes I never turned my life around. Every day, I think about dropping out and going back to my old job just to make him happy…
In two separate occasions we saw Walter and Hank, receiving a handjob from their respective wives: Walter in S1 EP1; Hank in S3 EP12.
There is a clear contrast between these 2 scenes.
Walter got a handjob before all hell broke loose. He hadn't received his cancer diagnosis yet, and he was living a pretty mundane and "boring life". You can see it by how uninterested he and Skyler were during that scene.
Hank, on the other hand, had just experienced the most traumatic experience of his life. Marie's handjob had emotion behind it. It wasn't meant to just pleasure Hank, but to rejuvenate him. To give him some vigor and confidence during a hard time.
But one thing that really seals the deal for me, is their names(stay with me, it will make sense). You see, Walter is a Germanic name that means "Commander Of The Troops". Pretty much foreshadowing what was about to come in later seasons. But there is more. Walter didn't orgasm during that scene, so his "troops"(aka sperm) didn't come out. Implying that Walter wasn't a commander of the troops, at that point...also his last name is white, the color of sperm.
As for Hank, this will blow your mind.
Hank kinda sounds like wank, but It also sounds like honk... a car honk. Hello?! He was almost killed in a parking lot , while inside his car. You can hear a car honk throughout his fight scene against the Salamanca cousins. Still don't believe me? Hank's last name, Schrader, is a type of pneumatic tire valve that is used in most cars around the world. "OP but the Schrader valves are also used on bikes"...I guess there wasn't any major event in the show that involved someone riding a bike, right?! Guys, it's all connected!
The way Vince Gilligan used these two scenes to backshadow and foreshadow is nothing less than godly.
Hello! And welcome to the Los Pollos Hermanos family. My name is Gustavo, but you can call me "Gus". I am thrilled that you'll be joining our team. Each and every day, we serve our customers exceptional food, with impecable service. We take pride in everything that we do. And after this 10 week online seminar, I'm sure you'll fit right in. I like to think I see things in people. To begin, I'd like to talk about the cornerstone of the Los Pollos Hermanos brand. Communication. As an employee of Los Pollos Hermanos, you set the tone for the entire dining experience. Be mindful of what your words, and behavior communicate to our guests. Always be aware of your posture, remember to stand up straight. Your customers and your back will thank you for it. Put effort into your appearance, all employees are required to dress appropriately. Keep your uniform clean, and pressed. If you want respect, you must look respectable. Speak in complete sentences, we never use one word greetings like "Hey" or "Yeah?" Always make eye contact, and finally, whenever you're with a customer or not, remain composed. Inside, you can be thinking about your homework, or friends, or your side business, but no one should ever know it. Because at Los Pollos Hermanos, someone... Is always watching. So dont forget to smile! Thats all for today, see you next time when we'll be discussing cleanliness.
I am the one who shouts. I used to be a mild-mannered alchemist in Whiterun, until I was diagnosed with rockjoint. The healers told me I had only a few months to live. I didn't want to leave my wife and son with nothing, so I decided to use my skills to make the most potent skooma in all of Skyrim. I teamed up with a former student of mine, a Khajiit named Jesse, and we set up a secret lab in an abandoned Dwemer ruin. We had to deal with bandits, Thalmor, dragons, and even the Dark Brotherhood. But we managed to build an empire of skooma that spread across Tamriel. I became known as Heisenberg, the most feared and respected skooma lord in history. But I also became a monster, who lied, cheated, killed, and betrayed everyone who cared about me. I lost my family, my friends, and my soul. And now, I'm standing on the edge of Sovngarde, ready to face my final judgement. I don't expect any mercy from the gods. I don't deserve it. I did it for myself. I liked it. I was good at it. And I was really... I was alive.
I'm telling you, the real reason Walter broke bad was because he received the world's shittiest handjob which made him reconsider his entire existence. Your wife yanking around your 50 year old half chub with 10% of her attention while simultaneously borderline orgasming at selling a girthy 8,5 inch vase on eBay for 56 dollars is an experience that people in the darkest bdsm dungeons would be shivering at. I swear to god Walter Jr. is probably having a wilder sex life on the other side of the wall with his sock than these two have had in the past five years.
So when he received his cancer diagnosis the prolonged silence was not due to shock but because of pure bliss and relief because he knew that in a few years he'll likely be dead and won't have to live like that.
That's why when he received the news of remission he was so goddamn angry. And I don't know why people see the Salamanca twins as villains, they were clearly just tryna help a homie out and spare him from this existence. Oh, but why did they go after Hank then, you might ask? Well, then you clearly don't remember Hank's handjob scene from season 4, they were trying to save him from that. Really they were the true heroes of this show trying to save people from fucking miserable, dick shriveling handjobs.
And then, of course, shit starts happening, Skyler fucks Ted and Walt goes off the chain prolly thinking stuff like "bet she didn't give just a shitty handjob to Ted, oh no! My god, I wouldn't even be surprised if she agreed to do anal with him! While I've been pleading for years!". That right there's a thought progression enough to start a man crashing plants in random office buildings. And the way it can mess with your sexual thinking, Lord only knows what kind of cataclysmic insanities Walt was busting nuts to while living alone.
But then Walt has a romantic dinner with Gus, realises there's at least someone who'd probably agree to have anal with him, meanwhile Ted gets paralyzed, no more anal for him, Walt calls up Skyler "I won".
Now Walt can be smug for the entirety of season 5, he's back on top of the sex chain. So Breaking Bad is really about Walt's sexual transformation from a submissive forced-into-humiliation-kink middle aged man to a borderline sex offender to an off the rails cuck to a pure alpha male who's ascended past sex and at the end of season 5 we can see him die with bliss on his face because he's redeemed himself.
Breaking Bad/Better Call Saul character Michael Erhmantraut, portrayed by American actor Johnathan Banks, inhales a large amount of air into his lungs in order to prepare to speak to Walter White, portrayed by American actor Bryan Cranston
Hi I'm Saul Badman. Did you know that you didn't have rights? The Constitution says you don't. And so do I. I believe that until proven innocent, every man, woman, and child in this country is guilty. And that's why I don't fight for you, Albuquerque! Better not call Saul. Saul Badman, not an attorney
I was diagnosed with lung cancer a few months ago and started cooking meth in order to pay for my treatment and provide for my family. An opportunity arose for me to sell my product to a major distributor. On my way to the drug deal, my pregnant wife informed me that she was in labor. Instead of going to the hospital, I dropped of the meth and missed the birth of my daughter. The deal earned me millions of dollars that will go directly to my family's future. I am feeling very conflicted about my decision.
Am I the asshole?
Gus is too professional to just suck cock. He's a sensual and passionate lover. He probably has a sex room hidden away in his house where even his closest and most trusted security can't find it. Stylish, but not excessive. Rustic dark wood walls, barn wood floor, queen sized bed with velvet pillows, and a small coyote fur rug in the middle. Before the action happens, he asks his lovers to wait while he sets up the scene. He dims the lights, sets up some candles, and puts on some calming piano jazz. Then, he lets him in and that's where the magic happens. They disrobe while passionately kissing. Gus pushes them onto the bed and lays gentle kisses down their body until he reaches their cock. When he sucks cock, he doesn't give that "sloppy toppy." That's too messy. He embraces it, lovingly. He kisses it and licks it, slowly and seductively. Once he sees that they're close to the edge, he takes his mouth away from his cock and begins jerking them until they cum. He doesn't like to swallow or take facials.
Who are you talking to right now? Who is it that you think you see? Do you know how much I make a year? I mean, even if I tell you, you wouldn’t believe it. Do you know what happens if I suddenly decide to stop going into work? A business big enough it could be listed on the NASDAQ goes belly-up. Gone. It ceases to exist without me. No, you clearly don’t know who you’re talking to so let me clue you in. I am not in danger, Skylar. I am the danger. A guy opens his front door and gets shot, and you think that of me? No. I am the one who knocks.